welcome everyone to the channel guys and
Today we will talk about how I and
capable of this versatile machine
And I will adapt to
grind just such a piece under
drill bit knife
Here is the ultimate and not yet polished
into the strip
but now I'll show you how I do it.
I do of course yes microns here I do not
can you play ideals completely
such technical needs
quite fit well let me remind you
that in the machine there are two coordinates here
one that raises and lowers this
the engine can also set its angle
slope glad ordinata here that feeds
the carriage side is moving like this
correction runs out here to name
how am I adapted all that is
found just such a fit and and I
used for pad grinding then
there are blanks for a knife
now i will install abrasives here
stone and we will see how it all works
that is, like this , we secured our workpiece
as seen from below, I have already polished it well
about so rough that there was a plane
and this side will be polished now
the second side, well, it does not work and that's all
secure because there is not enough progress
full length carriages
Well, at least now we expose
but
rarely do you have a single
Now I do not put a contract limit
this mount has dropped by now
we will exhibit so now lower it
spend the workpiece
hold hands
all and now so uncomplicated
forward forward
of course everything is better and only we are here
we will grind
so here we have this
a thing.
so this is the surface of us
it turned out here the main plane is
but here school irregularities here so
this part we always grind everything before it
know it be it used apparently
on
put push and so in general
quite such a nice plane
pretty quickly i would say it doing
I, of course, will go a little bit
cough well, in general, here is such a machine
stations to them interesting name here
this machine is called growl
German rates really
universally more and more with me
surprises
Well, and here in the end in general, here is such
a piece of iron turned out uneven consider for
artisanal conditions are pretty good
in general, so thank you for your attention
put likes dislikes and of course not
forget to subscribe to the channel all
happily bye